{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!DOCTYPE html>\
<html lang="en">\
<head>\
    <meta charset="UTF-8">\
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">\
    <title>Viola (Violeta) Jackson - Private English Tutor</title>\
    <style>\
        body \{\
            font-family: 'Lato', sans-serif;\
            color: #333333;\
            background-color: #FFFFFF;\
            margin: 0;\
            padding: 0;\
        \}\
        header \{\
            background-color: #003366;\
            color: #FFFFFF;\
            padding: 20px;\
            text-align: center;\
        \}\
        header h1 \{\
            margin: 0;\
        \}\
        nav \{\
            text-align: center;\
            margin-top: 10px;\
        \}\
        nav a \{\
            color: #4A90E2;\
            text-decoration: none;\
            margin: 0 15px;\
            font-weight: bold;\
        \}\
        nav a:hover \{\
            color: #A8E6CF;\
        \}\
        .hero \{\
            background-image: url('https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wdbEN2gHz0zSqcmxsHsxvgCHLcO4gJEGRKmEIo8V_8M/edit');\
            background-size: cover;\
            background-position: center;\
            color: #FFFFFF;\
            padding: 60px 20px;\
            text-align: center;\
        \}\
        .hero h2 \{\
            font-family: 'Merriweather', serif;\
        \}\
        .hero p \{\
            max-width: 600px;\
            margin: 20px auto;\
        \}\
        .hero button \{\
            background-color: #4A90E2;\
            color: #FFFFFF;\
            border: none;\
            padding: 10px 20px;\
            font-size: 1rem;\
            cursor: pointer;\
        \}\
        .hero button:hover \{\
            background-color: #003366;\
        \}\
        section \{\
            padding: 40px 20px;\
            max-width: 800px;\
            margin: auto;\
        \}\
        section h2 \{\
            color: #003366;\
            font-family: 'Merriweather', serif;\
        \}\
        .bio, .services, .testimonials, .contact \{\
            background-color: #F9F9F9;\
            padding: 20px;\
            border-radius: 10px;\
            margin-bottom: 20px;\
        \}\
        .contact-form input, .contact-form textarea \{\
            width: 100%;\
            padding: 10px;\
            margin: 10px 0;\
            border: 1px solid #CCC;\
            border-radius: 5px;\
        \}\
        .contact-form button \{\
            background-color: #4A90E2;\
            color: #FFFFFF;\
            border: none;\
            padding: 10px 20px;\
            cursor: pointer;\
        \}\
        .contact-form button:hover \{\
            background-color: #003366;\
        \}\
    </style>\
</head>\
<body>\
    <header>\
        <h1>Viola (Violeta) Jackson</h1>\
        <p>Private English Tutor</p>\
        <nav>\
            <a href="#about">About Me</a>\
            <a href="#services">Services</a>\
            <a href="#testimonials">Testimonials</a>\
            <a href="#contact">Contact</a>\
            <a href="#blog">Blog</a>\
        </nav>\
    </header>\
    <section class="hero">\
        <h2>Welcome to Personalized Language Learning</h2>\
        <p>Welcome to personalized language learning tailored to meet your unique goals and needs. While group language classes can be beneficial, they often fall short in addressing your specific challenges. Private tutoring offers the solution by providing a customized study plan that targets the areas most important to you.</p>\
        <p>With my private tutoring services, you'll benefit from an encouraging, motivating, and structured environment designed to foster measurable progress and improvement. Take control of your language learning journey and experience the difference personalized attention can make.</p>\
        <button>Book Your Free Consultation</button>\
    </section>\
    <section id="about" class="bio">\
        <h2>About Me</h2>\
        <p>Hello! I am a native speaker of English from the United States. I\'92m also fluent in Spanish. I have 20+ years of teaching experience, and a great passion for helping my students become confidently proficient in English!</p>\
        <p>I am available for online tutoring sessions for all levels, whether you're a complete beginner, intermediate or advanced looking to further your skills. To find out if we would be a good match for each other, book your free consultation today!</p>\
    </section>\
    <section id="services" class="services">\
        <h2>Services</h2>\
        <ul>\
            <li>Children (7-12 years old)</li>\
            <li>Teenagers (13-17 years old)</li>\
            <li>Adults (18 - 64 years old)</li>\
            <li>Seniors (65+ years old)</li>\
        </ul>\
        <p>Student level: Beginner, Intermediate, Advanced</p>\
        <p>Duration: 30 minutes, 45 minutes, 60 minutes</p>\
        <p>Price: from $30 U.S.</p>\
    </section>\
    <section id="testimonials" class="testimonials">\
        <h2>Testimonials</h2>\
        <blockquote>\
            <p>"Viola\'92s teaching helped me a lot, with interactive classes and oral engagements, and lots of asking me to talk and correcting the pronunciation. Her style is very conversational and it helped me learn lots of new vocabulary. I highly recommend Viola as a tutor, because she has a very special way of connecting with her students." - Christian T.</p>\
        </blockquote>\
        <blockquote>\
            <p>"Viola gives a lot of practical lessons. This greatly helps the study. She is an attentive and demanding teacher. I really appreciate her ability to hear and correct mistakes. Her technique really works. I recommend her without reservation." - Marina</p>\
        </blockquote>\
        <blockquote>\
            <p>"Viola\'92s teaching was very excellent...she used a variety of methods of teaching and delivering information to me. She made our class interesting and enjoyable in many ways, and grammar and pronunciation were facilitated and explained excellently. I strongly recommend her, because English has become easier for me from the experience." - Abdulaziz</p>\
        </blockquote>\
        <blockquote>\
            <p>"Thanks to daily practices of oral and written learning, I have become much better at understanding and speaking with native speakers. Also, Viola used various interactive and fun contests, so learning didn't seem boring and tedious; everything was easy and interesting. Viola\'92s detailed breakdown of each word and sentence helped me significantly. She presented grammar rules very clearly and understandably. I absolutely recommend Viola, because she made it very easy, and I didn't feel embarrassed to speak in English." - Tamara L.</p>\
        </blockquote>\
    </section>\
    <section id="contact" class="contact">\
        <h2>Contact</h2>\
        <p>Ask A Question: Send a message explaining your needs and Viola will get back to you right away.</p>\
        <form class="contact-form">\
            <input type="text" name="first-name" placeholder="First Name" required>\
            <input type="text" name="last-name" placeholder="Last Name" required>\
            <input type="email" name="email" placeholder="Email Address" required>\
            <input type="text" name="phone" placeholder="Phone" required>\
            <input type="text" name="zip" placeholder="Zip Code" required>\
            <input type="text" name="best-time" placeholder="Best Time to Call" required>\
            <textarea name="message" placeholder="Your Message" rows="5" required></textarea>\
            <button type="submit">Send Message</button>\
        </form>\
        <p>Email: <a href="mailto:violajackson.coach@gmail.com">violajackson.coach@gmail.com</a></p>\
        <p>Phone: <a href="tel:+19137300374">913-730-0374</a></p>\
    </section>\
</body>\
</html>\
}